# Sosure-nexgen-edu
•Using Azure AI tech to understand the mentality of students by analysing what they need today. This means not spying them, it's important to understand them before starting to know about them. To ensure this AI tech is in right hands, our software is so secured using two way encryption and maintained by highly skilled professionals. • Azure speech translation service is given to the students. It includes all the languages. The students who are mostly tired and fed up listening the class for 1 hour in English, it really makes them to sleep. But our voice translator helps them understand and feel different. They can switch the language and tone. But they can't change any words.  •Azure face API helps in understanding the presence of the people present in the class. •Azure automatically records the class and makes it available for students in the right side corner for listening it again. •To make teachers feel easy and to teach lot with the same vibe, we use in built browser just for teachers to teach with ease and teach every new stuffs. This makes teachers teach happily and with ease. •Azure bot services is used to create a environment where students won't distract or move away from the class during the break hour. The students at that time can talk with the Azure bot which develops conversation and created the conversation with 20% previous conversations and 80% fun conversations inbuilt by the client. This makes students not fall in something they don't need to because the online is the worst place to learn bad stuffs too. This keeps the students engaged. This bot understands them and this makes students become brisk and attend the next class with fun. •All the class stuffs are stored in azure and protected by Azure. That means it is and it will be safe always. These measure make the online study easy and fun. 
